# 174. Dungeon Game

- Difficulty: Hard.
- Related Topics: Binary Search, Dynamic Programming.
- Similar Questions: Unique Paths, Minimum Path Sum, Cherry Pickup.

## Problem

The demons had captured the princess (**P**) and imprisoned her in the bottom-right corner of a dungeon. The dungeon consists of M x N rooms laid out in a 2D grid. Our valiant knight (**K**) was initially positioned in the top-left room and must fight his way through the dungeon to rescue the princess.

The knight has an initial health point represented by a positive integer. If at any point his health point drops to 0 or below, he dies immediately.

Some of the rooms are guarded by demons, so the knight loses health (**negative** integers) upon entering these rooms; other rooms are either empty (**0's**) or contain magic orbs that increase the knight's health (**positive** integers).

In order to reach the princess as quickly as possible, the knight decides to move only rightward or downward in each step.

**Write a function to determine the knight's minimum initial health so that he is able to rescue the princess.**

For example, given the dungeon below, the initial health of the knight must be at least **7** if he follows the optimal path ```RIGHT-> RIGHT -> DOWN -> DOWN```.

|  |  |  |
| -- | -- | -- |
| -2 (K) | -3 | 3 |
| -5 | -10 | 1 |
| 10 | 30 | -5 (P) |

**Note:**

- The knight's health has no upper bound.
- Any room can contain threats or power-ups, even the first room the knight enters and the bottom-right room where the princess is imprisoned.

## Solution

```javascript
/**
 * @param {number[][]} dungeon
 * @return {number}
 */
var calculateMinimumHP = function(dungeon) {
  var m = dungeon.length;
  var n = dungeon[0].length;
  var dp = Array(m + 1).fill(0).map(_ => Array(n + 1).fill(Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER));
  var tmp = 0;
  
  dp[m][ n - 1] = 1;
  dp[m - 1][n] = 1;
  
  for (var i = m - 1; i >= 0; i--) {
    for (var j = n - 1; j >= 0; j--) {
      tmp = Math.min(dp[i][j + 1], dp[i + 1][j]) - dungeon[i][j];
      dp[i][j] = tmp <= 0 ? 1 : tmp;
    }
  }
  
  return dp[0][0];
};
```

**Explain:**

nope.

**Complexity:**

* Time complexity : O(m*n).
* Space complexity : O(m*n).
