# 948. Bag of Tokens

- Difficulty: Medium.
- Related Topics: Array, Two Pointers, Greedy, Sorting.
- Similar Questions: .

## Problem

You start with an initial **power** of `power`, an initial **score** of `0`, and a bag of tokens given as an integer array `tokens`, where each `tokens[i]` donates the value of token**i**.

Your goal is to **maximize** the total **score** by strategically playing these tokens. In one move, you can play an **unplayed** token in one of the two ways (but not both for the same token):


	
- **Face-up**: If your current power is **at least** `tokens[i]`, you may play token**i**, losing `tokens[i]` power and gaining `1` score.
	
- **Face-down**: If your current score is **at least** `1`, you may play token**i**, gaining `tokens[i]` power and losing `1` score.


Return **the **maximum** possible score you can achieve after playing **any** number of tokens**.

 
Example 1:


**Input:** tokens = [100], power = 50

**Output:** 0

**Explanation****:** Since your score is `0` initially, you cannot play the token face-down. You also cannot play it face-up since your power (`50`) is less than `tokens[0]` (`100`).


Example 2:


**Input:** tokens = [200,100], power = 150

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** Play token**1** (`100`) face-up, reducing your power to `50` and increasing your score to `1`.

There is no need to play token**0**, since you cannot play it face-up to add to your score. The maximum score achievable is `1`.


Example 3:


**Input:** tokens = [100,200,300,400], power = 200

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** Play the tokens in this order to get a score of `2`:


	
- Play token**0** (`100`) face-up, reducing power to `100` and increasing score to `1`.
	
- Play token**3** (`400`) face-down, increasing power to `500` and reducing score to `0`.
	
- Play token**1** (`200`) face-up, reducing power to `300` and increasing score to `1`.
	
- Play token**2** (`300`) face-up, reducing power to `0` and increasing score to `2`.


The maximum score achievable is 2.


 
**Constraints:**


	
- `0 <= tokens.length <= 1000`
	
- `0 <= tokens[i], power < 104`



## Solution

```javascript
/**
 * @param {number[]} tokens
 * @param {number} power
 * @return {number}
 */
var bagOfTokensScore = function(tokens, power) {
    tokens.sort((a, b) => a - b);
    var left = 0;
    var right = tokens.length - 1;
    var maxScore = 0;
    var score = 0;
    while (left <= right) {
        if (power >= tokens[left]) {
            power -= tokens[left++];
            score += 1;
            maxScore = Math.max(maxScore, score);
        } else if (score > 0) {
            score -= 1;
            power += tokens[right--];
        } else {
            break;
        }
    }
    return maxScore;
};
```

**Explain:**

nope.

**Complexity:**

* Time complexity : O(n * log(n)).
* Space complexity : O(1).
